hey guys so this is going to be the nail
tutorial that we're going to be working
on today so if you want to know how I
did this now look keep on watching
alright so I already took the liberty to
base my nails and I use this clear on
base it's such clear and then I use
Sally Hansen's extreme wear white on and
I let that dry all my nails and these
are the two fingers we're going to be
working on in this tutorial so I'm using
this color by kiss and I am going to put
random designs all over my nails and you
can place the arm design anywhere you
want
I'm trying to figure out where I wanted
to go
and now we're going to work on my other
fingers
sorry guys for being in the way on my
part
ok now we're going to work on the next
color and it's a hot pink color and now
I'm just going to fill in I'm I now wear
the purple is
and this is one of the best things that
I like about free styling on your nails
because you never know what your nails
are going to look like
alright so now we're going to move on to
the next now and again I'm trying to
keep the peen close to the purple
and now we're moving on to the third
color
and now we're going to go on to the next
finger
you have to also make room so you can do
the dots on your nail so you kind of
want to leave space so we'll look to
clutter
and there I messed up i'm going to try
to fix it
and I did
so now you want to take that hot pink
and just put the dots on your nails
and I you want to add a top coat and you
are done so I hope you guys liked this
tutorial and enjoy the pictures bye guys
you